Add TranslationModelFrom (#67)
zostera/django-modeltrans: docs/pages/translationmodelform.rst

`TranslationModelForm`
======================

> `TranslationModelForm` is an adaptation of Django's `django.forms.ModelForm` that allow management of translation fields.

Author: ```suggestion
`TranslationModelForm` is an adaptation of Django's `django.forms.ModelForm` that allows management of translation fields.
```

Assuming your model is translated with modeltrans,

> you can use `TranslationModelForm` to specify which languages to includes form fields for.

Author: ```suggestion
you can use `TranslationModelForm` to specify which languages to include form fields for.
```

TranslationModelForm
==============

TranslationModelForm is an adaptation of Django's ModelForm that allow easy management of translation fields.
Assuming your Model has an i18n ModelTrans field,

> you can use TranslationModelForm to specify which translation fields to include and for which languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TranslationModelForm`
======================

`TranslationModelForm` is an adaptation of Django's `django.forms.ModelForm` that allow management of translation fields.
Assuming your model is translated with modeltrans,
you can use `TranslationModelForm` to specify which languages to includes form fields for.
```

> you can used TranslationModelForm to specify which translation fields to include and for which languages.

Author: ```suggestion
you can use TranslationModelForm to specify which translation fields to include and for which languages.
```

> For example, given a NewsRoom model::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, given a `NewsRoom` model::
```

    class NewsRoom(models.Model):
        name = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        text = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        default_language = models.CharField(max_length=2)

>         i18n = TranslationField(fields=("name",), fallback_language_field="default_language")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        i18n = TranslationField(fields=("name", "text"), fallback_language_field="default_language")
```
?

> You can define a TranslationModelForm as::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a form using `TranslationModelForm` as::
```

    from modeltrans.forms import TranslationModelForm

    class NewsRoomTranslationForm(TranslationModelForm):

        class Meta:
            fields = ("name", "text")
            included_languages = ["browser", "fr", "fallback"]
            fallback_language = "en"

> This will define a form with at most three inputs per field, say 'nl', 'fr' and 'en',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This defines a form with at most three language inputs per field, say 'nl', 'fr' and 'en',
```

where 'nl' is the active browser language, and 'en' the defined fallback language.
The exclude Meta options can also be used to define fields are in the form,

> where the form field_order parameter can be used to define the field ordering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This defines a form with at most three language inputs per field, say `"nl"`, `"fr"` and `"en"`,
where `"nl"` is the active browser language, and `"en"` the defined fallback language.
`Meta.exclude` can also be used to define which fields are in the form,
where the forms' `field_order` parameter can be used to define the field ordering.
```

`languages`

> -------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`languages`
-----------
```

> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`included_languages`
--------------------
```

Defines the languages included in the form.
    - Options are:
        - "browser": the language that is active in the browser session

>         - "fallback": the fallback language either define in the form, the model instance, or in the system, in that order of priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `"browser"`: the language that is active in the browser session
        - `"fallback"`: the fallback language either defined in the form, the model instance, or in the system, in that order of priority
```

>         - a language code: e.g. "fr", "it"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - a language code: e.g. `"fr"`, `"it"`
```

>         - a language code: e.g. `"fr"`, `"it"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - any language code: e.g. `"fr"`, `"it"`
```

Author: any is niet helemaal juist, alleen die gedefineerd zijn in het systeem, dus:
- any system language code: e.g. ....

eens?

    - Ordering: the ordering defined in the declaration is preserved

>     - Overlap is removed, e.g. `["browser", "fr", "fallback"]`, becomes `["fr"]` if browser language and fallback are also "fr".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Duplicate languages are removed, e.g. `["browser", "fr", "fallback"]`, becomes `["fr"]` if browser language and fallback are also `"fr"`.
```

> Included_languages can be defined in the form Meta options as in the example above, or as a form kwarg as in::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `included_languages` can be defined in the form `Meta` options as in the example above, or as a form `kwarg` as in::
```

Is het niet beter om deze optie `include_languages` te noemen: gebiedede wijs ipv verleden tijd? Of waarom niet simpelweg `languages`?

Author: languages van gemaakt, en self.languages in de form language_codes genoemt

> languages can be defined in the form Meta options as in the example above, or as a form kwarg as in::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`languages` can be defined in the form `Meta` options as in the example above, or as a form kwarg as in::
```

    form = NewsRoomTranslationForm(included_languages=["it", "fallback"])

fallback_language
-----------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fallback_language`
-------------------

```

Deze en verderop in dit kopje nog een aantal code-fragmenten die van backticks voorzien mogen worden.

> Defines the fallback_language in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the fallback language for this form.
```

Author: mmm weet niet of dat beter is

> Requires "fallback" to be included in included_languages.

Author: ```suggestion
Requires `"fallback"` to be included in `included_languages`.
```

> Can be defined via the form Meta options as in the example above, and also be passed as a Kwarg like included_languages.

Author: ```suggestion
Can be defined via the form `Meta` options as in the example above, and also be passed as a kwarg like `included_languages`.
```

The following prioritization is followed:

>     1) fallback_language passed as form parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1) `fallback_language` passed as form parameter:
```

        `Form(fallback_language="fr")`

>     2) the Meta option "fallback_language":

Author: ```suggestion
    2) the `Meta` option `"fallback_language"`:
```

>     2) the `Meta` option `"fallback_language"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2) the `Meta` option `fallback_language`:
```

>         e.g. Meta: fallback_language = "fr"

Author: ```suggestion
        e.g. `Meta`: `fallback_language = "fr"`
```

>         e.g. `Meta`: `fallback_language = "fr"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        e.g. `class Meta: fallback_language = "fr"`
```

>     3) a custom fallback of a model instance set via `"fallback_language_field"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3) A custom fallback of a model instance set via `fallback_language_field`:
```

>     3) a custom fallback of a model instance set via "fallback_language_field":
>         e.g. `i18n = TranslationField(fields=("title", "header"), fallback_language_field="language_code")`
>     4) The default language of the system: If no `Meta` option is given fallback reverts to `get_default_language()`

Author: ```suggestion
    3) a custom fallback of a model instance set via `"fallback_language_field"`:
        e.g. `i18n = TranslationField(fields=("title", "header"), fallback_language_field="language_code")`
    4) The default language of the system: If no `Meta` option is given fallback reverts to `get_default_language()`
```

> field properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field properties
```

----------------

Properties of translation form fields are inherited from the form field that is generated for the original model field.
The label of the field is adjusted to include the relevant language
and to designate the field as a translation or default fallback field, as follows:

  - translation fields: "field name (NL, translation language)"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

TranslationModelForm
==============

TranslationModelForm is an adaptation of Django's ModelForm that allow easy management of translation fields.
Assuming your Model has an i18n ModelTrans field, you can used TranslationModelForm to specify which translation fields
to include and for which languages.

For example, given a NewsRoom model::

    class NewsRoom(models.Model):
        name = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        text = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        default_language = models.CharField(max_length=2)

        i18n = TranslationField(fields=("name",), fallback_language_field="default_language")

You can define a TranslationModelForm as::

    from modeltrans.forms import TranslationModelForm

    class NewsRoomTranslationForm(TranslationModelForm):

        class Meta:

>             fields = (name, text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            fields = ("name", "text")
```

            included_languages = ["browser", "fr", "fallback"]
            fallback_language = "en"

> This will define a form with maximally three language entries per field, say 'nl', 'fr' and 'en', where 'nl' is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will define a form with at most three inputs per field, say 'nl', 'fr' and 'en', where 'nl' is the
```

active browser language, and 'en' the defined fallback language. The exclude Meta options can also be used to define

> fields are in the form, where the form field_order parameter can be used to define the field ordering.

Reviewer: Please use semantic line breaks: https://sembr.org/

included_languages
------------------

Defines the languages included in the form.
    - Options are:
        - "browser": the language that is active in the browser session
        - "fallback": the fallback language either define in the form, the model instance, or in the system, in that order of priority
        - a language code: e.g. "fr", "it"
    - Ordering: the ordering defined in the declaration is preserved

>     - Overlap is removed, e.g. ["browser", "fr", "fallback"], becomes ["fr"] if all are equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Overlap is removed, e.g. ["browser", "fr", "fallback"], becomes ["fr"] if browser language and fallback are also "fr".
```

        Form(fallback_language="fr")
    2) the Meta option "fallback_language":
        e.g. Meta: fallback_language = "fr"
    3) a custom fallback of a model instance set via "fallback_language_field":
        e.g. i18n = TranslationField(fields=("title", "header"), fallback_language_field="language_code")
    4) The default language of the system. If not Meta option is given fallback reverts to get_default_language()

field properties
----------------
Properties of translation form fields are inherited from form field that is generated for the original model field.
The label of the field is adjusted to included that language and to designate the field as a translation or default
fallback field, as follows:
  - translation fields: "field name (NL, translation language)"

  - fallback field: "field name (EN, default language)"

future
------
The following features will be developed in future:
  1) Setting the default fallback field to "read only" in order to generate special forms for translator who should
     not change the fallback.

  2) Making the text of field labels customizable via form Meta options, as in "field name (NL {translation_language_string})"

>      where translation_language_string is defined in Meta options as, e.g.: translation_language_string = _("translatable language")

Reviewer: - Please use backticks around code fragments and argument names used in prose.
- 'Future' is not something I would include in the documentation.
